Adding migration workflow description (#4)
voxel51/fiftyone-auth-migration: migration-workflow.md

# Migrating Fiftyone Teams Auth
This document will help operators migrate an existing Fiftyone Teams
deployment from `legacy` mode to `internal` mode. This will remove the
dependency on Auth0 as a user management system.

## Terms

> Fiftyone Teams now has two modes: `legacy` and `internal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fiftyone Teams now has two authentication modes: `legacy` and `internal`.
```

`legacy` mode is fully dependent on an Auth0 connection to handle
authentication and user management.

By contrast, `internal` mode functions by moving user management to within
the system. After an initial migration of users, operators of Fiftyone Teams

> may continue to use Auth0 as an identity provider (IdP) to facilitate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may continue to use Auth0 as an Identity Provider (IdP) to facilitate
```

authentication while keeping all other aspects of user management internal.

> Additionally, operators may choose to change the target IdP to be something

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, operators may change the target IdP to be something
```

> Additionally, operators may choose to change the target IdP to be something

Reviewer: If I recall, most of our customers do not use Auth0 as their IdP.  I wonder if we should cover the most, instead of the few.

Author: Using Auth0 is just a stopgap so that users can start accessing the system immediately. Before CAS and internal mode, no IdP was required after the initial deployment phase, so there wasn't one configured and operators didn't need to think about it.

The migration script is going to make sure that when it is done, _at least_ Auth0 is provided to the CAS, since it's established already and the users can be auth'd that way. So even if they have another IdP they prefer, they don't need to worry about configuring it with FoT until they want to, because we can use the existing Auth0 in the meantime so there's no disruption of service -- even  if most of the time that's just in turn passing through to whatever was used during their deployment.

other than Auth0. This allows individual clients to choose to use their own
IdP as it suits their needs, as well as allows the possibility of running
Fiftyone Teams fully offline, including user management (assuming the client

> brings their own offline IdP, such as KeyCloak).

Reviewer: Instead of "clients" may we speak to the user with "you"?

The first part of the second sentence may be repetitive?  Might we instead say "internal" instead of "offline"? We are removing the requirement of network egress to Auth0 to enable isolated deployments.

## Requirements
- A running version of Fiftyone Teams version>=1.6.0

- The Fiftyone Auth Migration Script: 
    - https://github.com/voxel51/fiftyone-auth-migration

>     - Cloned locally and installed (See README for the script)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Cloned locally and installed (See [README.md](./README.md) for the script)
```

> - Access to modify environment variables in the running deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modifying environment variables in the running deployment
```

Is the important action the access to set or setting the values?

## Steps

1. Take any action in Fiftyone Teams running in `legacy` mode that interacts
with users. This could include signing in or listing users, as an example.

> 2. Setup the `.env` file for the Auth Migration Script. An example template
> is included. Follow any other steps in the README as necessary to ensure the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Setup the `.env` file for the Auth Migration Script. See the example template
([env.template](./env.template)). Follow the steps in the README as necessary to ensure the
```

script is installed and ready to run.

> 3. The Auth Migration Script must be run in a location that has access
> to call REST APIs in the running deployment. This may mean running in the same
> cluster as the deployment or in the same network as the VM that runs
> Fiftyone Teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Auth Migration Script must be run in a location that has access
to call the deployment's REST APIs. This may mean running in the same
cluster as the deployment or in the same network as the VM that runs
Fiftyone Teams.
```

> 4. Before running the Auth Migration Script, switch the Fiftyone Teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Switch the Fiftyone Teams
```

We haven't instructed them to run the script yet...

deployment to `internal` mode. This is done by updating the `FIFTYONE_AUTH_MODE`
environment variable from `legacy` to `internal`. 

> NOTE: After switching to `internal` mode and before running the Auth Migration
> Script, users will be unable to log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: After switching to `internal` mode and before running the Auth Migration
> Script, users will be unable to log in.
```

5. Run the Auth Migration Script. The script will move users and organizations
from an existing Auth0 tenant to the new internal system that will manage users
moving forward. 

> 5a. The script will inform if the migration was successful or if there were
> issues. If the script informs that an auth config was not found, it can be
> populated by taking any action in the existing Fiftyone Teams deployment that
> interacts with users, such as navigating to the user list page in the Admin
> Settings.
> 
> 5b. The script can be run again at this point safely to see that the warning
> no longer appears. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. The script will inform if the migration was successful or if there were
       issues. If the script informs that an auth config was not found, it can be
       populated by taking any action in the existing Fiftyone Teams deployment that
       interacts with users, such as navigating to the user list page in the Admin
       Settings.

    2. The script can be run again at this point safely to see that the warning
       no longer appears. 
```
